2021-11-11 meeting (#35)
solid/notifications-panel: meetings/2021-11-11.md

* SC: Personally, one sentence for use case would be better than nothing. Target should be one sentence.
* elf: Re: https://github.com/solid/notifications-panel/issues/30 How do we get these into the UCR document?
* SC: Maybe a simple as PRing to the document.
* elf: Better to merge the current PR and then submit as new PR.
* SC: OK with this.
* elf: Who adds RDFa?
* SC: Will take ownership of doing this.
* elf: Will follow up with PRs once initial PR is merged.
* AC: +1 on merging initial PR.

RESOLUTION: merge PR 32. Follow up with new PRs for UCs.

* AC: Determining what is in and out of scope is the most contentious issue. Prefer to get a clear set of use cases and then determine which are in and out of scope.
* JB: +1
* SC: +1

* eP: Re: https://github.com/solid/notifications-panel/issues/1 Should take a look at these use cases to determine the differences between them. Seem to be some duplication.
* SC: Set does not capture everything the panel needs to consider. If you think they are duplicates, we can just add one of them.
* eP: We could follow up in the issue over the next weeks.
* SC: We can close issue once we have a PR.
* TT: Can github.io be setup?

> * SC: Yes. Was thinking using https://htmlpreview.github.io/. Would this work? Need to get HTML link and paste in https://htmlpreview.github.io/.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* SC: Yes. Was thinking using https://htmlpreview.github.io/. Would this work? Need to get HTML link (go to "Files Changed" page, expand "..." menu on relevant file, right-click on "View file" and choose "Copy link address") and paste into input field on https://htmlpreview.github.io/.
```
